In this video, friends, we will talk
about ICICI LBAT, which has announced its quarter
two numbers.  So
apart from the results, the company
also announced a dividend of ₹6.50, whose
record date is 23 October and the payment will be made on or
before 12 November and apart from this, there is no
announcement regarding
bonus or split.  So
let us see how the company's earnings were.
We will discuss all the figure lax
in these crores.  So let's talk about the
total income of the company which was Rs
5850 crore in last year's quarter 2, it
came down to Rs 6500 and quarterly it increased from Rs 683 to Rs 6500
crore and the market estimate was Rs 6182 crore
which was completely beaten.  So the
income has also increased and market estimates are also being
seen being beaten here.
Let us discuss the total expenses
of the management, that is, how much were the expenses, which
came down from Rs 5100 crore to Rs 58 and
quarterly from Rs 54 to Rs 58, so the income increased, so the
expenses of the company have also increased quarterly plus
yearly this time.  Let us discuss the
net profit or loss
after tax of the company i.e. what was the PAT,
friends, last year the profit of the company was
around 693 crores, this time it
came to 819 and in quarter one the
profit was 747, it came to 819.  So,
profits have increased both quarterly and yearly
and the market estimate was of Rs 773 crore,
which is
seen to be completely beaten this time.  Same
reflection, profit grew in EPS also,
so EPS also increased from 14.05 to 16.49 and
from 15.06 to 16.49,
so the way the profit of the company increased,
we also saw an increase in EPS.  So
overall these are quite good numbers and market
estimates are also being beaten here.
So friends, see you
in another video with some other update.  Bye bye till then.